B I want to talk to you about the
college thing okay hey I'm not taking
you with you I feel smarter already
can you smell it yeah smells like
$40,000 a year hey beautiful
made you a long-distance relationship
kid I got your webcam so I can chat 24/7
sounds cute and I can't wait I just have
a full-blown mental meltdown in the
middle of my class I've seen symbols
we've kept much from you Sam this isn't
my war but feared soon will be
what you're about to see is top secret
do not tell my mother any of these look
like the symbols you saw where you get
teasing archeologists found these
unexplained markings and ancient runes
all over the world they got to me
something like a message or like a map
Megatron watch let's in my mind I'm
gonna go without
fate rarely calls upon us at a moment of
our choosing